Hi within this lecture where are you going to see how we can make our bird fly.
And in this game we don't need actually to fly our bird.
We just want to stretch our birds so that we can show him off the air or we can push the birds to the
air.
But I'm going to show you how to do that anyway because you may want to use it on your own games if
you want to have a flappy bird clone or something like that.
So let's go to touches begin.
So this is why we actually understand if the user tapped on the screen or not remember it gets executed.
Once a user taps on our screen on our receipt so when when we right over here something like this it
happens when a user taps on the scene.
So what I want to have a force over my birds physics body.
So if you say physics body as you can see we have worked with loads of rotation and something like that
but we didn't see this.
We haven't seen apply force.
We haven't seen imply apply impulse.
So if we use this kind of a method it means that we get to apply a force or an impulse or a talk to
our SDK sprite note and let's see apply impulse for example.
So impulse means some kind of force and it asks us to create a vector so we can actually specify the
direction of this impulse.
So let's create this vector and you will see what I mean.
So it asks us to create an x and y value.
So I'm going to go for zero two to two hundred and it won't make any difference in the x direction in
the x axis but it will make some difference in the y axis.
So it will push our bird up to 200 points in divide direction.
Then we tap on the sea.
So if you tap on it as you can see when we click on the scene it will just go up and it's a little bit
high I believe.
So we made our birds mess a little bit too much because I'm having a hard time to lift my bird up over
here.
So I believe we have to decrease the mess a little bit.
So 500 grams is actually a little bit much for our birds so let's try something like four point twenty
five to see the results.
And here you go.
I believe this is much better.
So our bird feels lighter as you can see we can actually work with the physical attributes of the world
physical attributes of this is case sprite nodes as well.
So let me do something like 100 over here and just change it to 0 point fifteen.
So let's try something like this or point fifteen with a 100 impulse.
So if I step on here nothing will move but my bird will move because I made it so.
And here you go.
I can fly my bird.
So this is exactly how Flappy Bird is written.
So you make the birds fly.
When you tap on the screen so you can change these numbers or you can actually make this false to begin
it and you can make this too over here under touches begin so that you will actually stay the same when
you first open the app but when you tap on those it will start to be affected by gravity so that you
will start the game and will be effective when you start the game.
So here you go.
That's how we do something like Flappy Bird clone.
But we're not going to do that in our case.
For example if we make our d x 50 it will push the bird 50 points to the right.
When we click on it here you go.
Now our bird is trying to fly to the right.
So as you can see it actually doesn't go off the screen because we have a frame over our succeed right
trapping our scene so that our bird gets stuck and it just collides with the boxes and it just contacts
with the boxes and everything.
So this is very good.
And this is all thanks to sprite kids so let's stop here and then in the next lecture regrouping to
learn how to move the birds around so that we can give the stretch initial push that we want to have
inside of our Angry Birds clone.